good morning today I bring you the most games
Addictive Android will surely be the
cause why you divorce yourself from leaving
the relative let's start with zombies
in zombie is a very addictive game
based on the formula
tea software
where we will have to kill hours and hours
of zombies
it's a town where in the doctor in the
bus in case of the towns
hours and hours of fun
good to say that the next game a
quieter game two sides
It is a tap tap screen game
the only thing we will have to do is
touch the screen so that our two
couple and fall
that does not smell too high because it finances
frozen will freeze and fruits
for what recharges our bar
energy up and we hit something
as good now we will have to give five
tap
five clips to the screens
and I recommend therefore the idea to be careful
with the goats
to the bulb
we will see how it is filled with fruits
the energy works
in taking care of them with everything we can
others
and without committing again we recover the
control
well let's go to other towns
another very very addictive game and haha
to make a game is the typical game
of ships a visit but not this game
will provide us with the music that
we have on the mobile because he believes us
our own
same after the game screen
each music gives you the ones
will provide a new video was a
new way to play
the music the setting can
amazing
and will have conviction
The first time I played, it seemed like
super difficult but a network that is going
taking roll
it is done in nothing besides it is super
entertaining super nice because the
music is the music that fit into the
mobile
conducive to heat those made
it is very simple very easy
and well let's continue with the
next game
the next game master a shooter of
the levels
a very simple simple game is a
shooter
we will have to kill Colombians
and has the problems of the game one with
a car when using the secondary button
that you will know at the beginning of the car
pointing
others we always transmit has some
graphics as you see very very good very
achieved
it's a game that they made the first
along with very personal
and let's go for our last game I
I think the most addictive of all super
exam
It is a fourth triangle triangular
that the only thing we have to do is not
let the lines do not crush
at the beginning we will see some
coming back we will fall in the 34 seconds
but the music
and the acceptance of the vision will go
growing little by little
and that really hooks the truth
I think it's a big part of the game
What do I always like
johnny record are 70 I agree not to get
do more
it's crazy when the sugar level
hard
as we see is not a game so
electric
good 102 ask or skin cultivated already
continue racing bringing who sees everything
the best a greeting to all and not
forget to share this video in
our social networks and greetings torito
it is 2